life already alain the video of the main channel
life the pot life line I take for
granted that life online
well it turns out that the blonde
apart from what we are going to see in this
clip the one that does this welcome it
turns out that the blonde all over his
[ __ ] face all over his [ __ ] face has
confirmed arroyito's romance and the
fbi
escapes him from bringing it to light let's see I already
knew it from other people for things and from
May I knew it was very clear it
is not very clear but the blonde
has confirmed it I have not seen the clip
yet he has not seen the kilo I am going to see
now but they have told me to confirm it
literally I think it has been a trend in
fact that now it is
yes yes yes I think that in fact it has been a
trend and now we are going to see it and we
draw conclusions
Alejandro Squirrel thank you very much king
welcome
without having it is not a surprise or anything
but finally they have told that they exist
together surprised face smiling face
with heart eyes long live love
but it was not known it was no longer obvious that
was no longer obvious when they told it
when they told it he
ate it  he
ate it how many minks I don't
see it because it's such poor quality but he
ate it well he ate it
reached a euro and it was the
best investment in his life because that
euro now we're over 18 here let's see if
now they've told that if they're
together that now she's surprised
smiling face with heart eyes long live
love but it wasn't known it was no longer
obvious that wasn't obvious it wasn't when
they told it when they found it to
[ __ ] let's
see it's obvious it's also spoken obviously
the forgetfulness guys it wasn't you know it
's obvious that you [ __ ] yourself
either like what the [ __ ] why do you say
anything so it's obvious I mean they were okay
now is a good time to remember
okay now is a good time to
remember sorry I had removed the
Chinese consequently around here it
already looks like a pee that to the FBI in front
well go ahead no to her directly he
told her that he faked orgasms and that he only
enjoyed 10 seconds
that you who believe that the rest of the
time we are enjoying that's why the
girl's face
and that girls have a
very ego  over there so right
now
okay so right now everyone I
want us to have a little respect
for arrocito okay and a tremendous efe okay
a tremendous efe it's normal the
face she made a tremendous efe because her
boyfriend
hai but you shouldn't take this so literally it
was literal it was literal what the [ __ ]
was literal I study here watching him for half an
hour
but efe efe
[Laughter]
well nothing happens and at least he likes me
for sure or I'll charge him for that outbreak
where he calls him a 30 year old brat I
don't believe it I don't believe it I don't believe it I don't believe it I don't believe it I don't
see Rubio with that evil I
don't dislike rugby at all he's
a bit of a brat a bit good some little
things a bit such but not to me I don't I don't
we I don't know anymore the kid seemed
a bit I would
n't know if I should call him weird like a
bit of a kid a bit of a kid okay
realize that he's a kid who
has always known being famous always
being famous has always been there or almost
always knows
[Music] I do
n't think he's very humble he doesn't progress
to the  humble person the truth is he's
been an [ __ ] to a lot of people he's been an
[ __ ] to a lot of people
but what he's a bad person no I don't
necessarily dislike him in the way
too bad okay sometimes he's a bit of an
[ __ ] and that's okay but I also don't
think he did it with malice in the
way I'm
going to get revenge because he yelled at me one day he
insulted me no surely he doesn't give a damn what would happen to him
because he's known the FBI from the
beginning so he's more
than used to what comes out anyway
to me more than anything I'm really going to
ask him for an efe for now no already an efe
for value already let's see let's see what's
wrong with him here that the blond got angry yesterday
or that he opened my eyes
these things are shaking social these last almost
two months joaquino almost two months here
a little question since you left is to
the mountains we've already been down and
a long vacation what a hug from an
old man
hehe well what I'm telling you is that I'm
happier than ever I'm
happier than ever I would change it for
anything dude I know there are a lot of people like
I'm exhausted the plan  people who were
following me before have stopped
following me just because I had moved
countries, I mean there are a lot of people like that but there are
a lot of people with their success with women
in their life they take a bite out of a
corner and make a parking lot for you
I understand the bite s
you mean the anger I don't know I don't understand
but let's see the comment he made to
his girlfriend it was ugly
comment 66 jon really if I
were his girlfriend after turning off the live I
would have had a fight with the
guy it was scary and not only that
you have a fight with the support in front of it is that it is
already that at the limit to I don't know what limit
forever not every time you are
sleeping with him you think hey but
now he is pretending he is not pretending
and I say again but there are a lot of people
that I would be too for a long
time
with all this that has happened I have seen a
lot of
the true face of people
all the news all over the world the
same subject achieving now that they have had
for five days in a row the issue of the
dollar and things like that there were
a lot of people that I followed
from a long time ago  time and people who follow me
too like
adding fuel to the fire you know trembling
to screw the people I've
worked with even people I've
worked with in the past and I've never
done anything wrong to them I mean never I don't know
why they would do something like that it's going to start to get
shitty and such from what I understand I
understand or here thank you very much
welcome I almost didn't notice and also he's
made my weapon or your on your
balls waking ticket with him
[Music] I
understand that he's referring to people that maybe
he sees with people imagine that
the blond thing is that he doesn't go there are
very few occasions I've seen him that
's true it's not like I like rugby either
that he doesn't get too wet on some
occasions the usual straight on like for
example when he shat on wing michu
saying that it was like he said it wasn't
told to him that it was
[Music]
that he was an [ __ ] from the interview with
risto there is no and it had to be clear because
this narration of the video directly
but on few occasions he gives names he
always says things as if without saying it I
say it but I don't say it without mentioning you
without such  you understand
that also bothers the blonde like I'm
understanding this as
when there was the thing
because high the mode was giving opinions everything
in trend and all the time and
surely there were youtubers with whom he
knew each other by sight of hello and goodbye of
following each other or cordially okay cordial things
or whatever that suddenly comes to
start throwing [ __ ] well I've had
because he's blonde
everyone on twitter is like he has to
be all the time
seeming super intelligent and superior
to the rest it comes out know my opinion is the
bible and opinions are the most important thing
and vision sites to ass 6 and it's
like
and many many many even some of
this month they have to be people that he
invites to the series who will he
refer to
who has messed with the blonde
if you do put we all know for sure that
some will fall and tell me when it falls and
to series
people that he invited series
in what series of course of course
and goes there I don't know Felipe Felipe
of course if that problem there
are people that there are people that are disgusting that's it
and you have to select  with whom
yes with whom no and directly and tell
each one, you see it,
people who have helped a lot, like with
host eos with a lot of things, you know,
like jumping on each other and not directly,
maybe some, but like
throwing wood at
the birds just to, I do
n't know, to get easy likes and retweets,
it's a little like, I don't know,
honestly, I'm like, I'm
not going to forget about those
people who have made a struggle for me, they
think it's impossible that Grace, well,
impossible,
but like Greg is going to mess with him
because those people are like, maybe later they'll
come to you with good, they know from
there that such, I don't know how many and then on
social networks what they do is something else,
you know, like, it's like they throw [ __ ] at you
at ten and it didn't happen because there are
people like that, it
's a little bit, well, welcome to life, it's
logical, no man,
Lulo, me, God gave his opinion because it
was real, he
gave his opinion but
[Music]
I wish everyone was like the parrots
giving their opinion,
but well, I remember, if not, I help
a lot of people and I know who is
worth it  really and that
is not the case is not saying that the
girlfriend mind set on her opinion and you
can say like what I have done well it does
not seem correct to you I do not know how many
but
it is like
the sites yes but from giving your opinion
to throwing [ __ ] there are differences you can
give your opinion faith of many thanks to
welcome host macho rita faith of how to
see how you are hey why it happens
what happened and today it is
there that you left the period many
members the h tone
no no I think that tim will be able to hales
the capo and felipe is I would say I would
say that it goes like that I do not know how to
explain it because this later in addition to
each context and such and it happened to me
because they do not want to get you wet it is going to be taken out
of context because they do not want to get you wet it
is the clear thing rubio if he says it look
this was a [ __ ] pig look at the one who
put that house on me and you saw or teach rubio
that I am going to teach you how to do it this was
a [ __ ] pig look look at the tweet that
the disgusting pig of [ __ ] put pig of
[ __ ] the hypocrite and stalker look at the
twitcam I bet okay and I am and I
gave him  promo and the guy came to suck my
balls so they invited him to a series
like that blond like that it's not taken out of context
but yes I say a lot of publicity would be the
[ __ ] would be
the [ __ ] that was is the follow it
would be wonderful and at most a plan to
get on the train or the train
like that it's like everyone thinks they
know you and knows they know why you do
certain things those laws a thousand times like
the issue of why I was really going to
come here to live and all that and
explained it and I said since there's no
more talking about the subject the message is long you know
nothing up anymore I don't believe
the thing I would
say because of the people it's all I've said
but something like that
surely someone who follows the blond and
these people will surely give the key with who
is
with who goes live and now if it's
like I don't know
but if it's how to take advantage of the plan that I
'm already crazy sometimes thinking about how
everyone already once is already
jumping like for how it's okay
for you to do it you know also it's how
the hive mentality of twitter is in
many social networks also that's how it
looks a lot in ideology there are
people who put ideology before
everything and it's like man I
get along I follow people on twitter
who are on the left with more than an
average of two that apart from ideology there are
many more things within
each person you know the plan well if you have
that opinion it seems like an opinion well
look at it sincerely from respect to me
that opinion seems like [ __ ] but I don't
care
you know you know
if you ask me I'll give it to you on my live channel
like you hear forgive me but I'm
terrible it's my channel live today I don't care
who it bothers because it's
because my channel and they are my live shows
okay if you ask me if not
ask me or had the questions I'll
tell you
but well it doesn't
feed Antolin Angeles Sweet
basically I think he's going for the team I
think he would go for the team he's the
boss Felipe and others
who are some very careful hypocrites
no we've already seen the subject give him the boss not
that day yes the welcome
thank you very much but why am I insisting so much that
Ibai
without the Ibai click it didn't have anything to do with it
Carmen thank you very much if the Ibai club
was old he took it out in case it was new  he
refers to wish michu 100
because it's a lot the only thing there is is a
retweet
erwin we do or less of us I
always make the innuendos and such they
have to be internal things
surely that were not paid I learned to
hit with javi javi the social boxing coach
who will be the best this is
surely because it is
referring to someone who has
eaten his web successes well in private to
collaborate with him to get whatever
blogs out of him thank you very much because in the past he
ate his balls a lot rubios and
I think I'm late but I don't care it
's very late here I'm going to close but
anyway well now you can see it in
his life
then this has to go the shots for
someone who tried
this it has to be that someone
reads
had messages in the past with rubles
approaching him
for interest and such such and such worth a
ticket and around there the shots and then he
caught it on twitter or
giving him to withdraw something against the blond
imagined maybe giving them a challenge and
one of the tries these
basketball players enjoying the blond
anything  so giving it to Paula
Iglesia things like that things without bringing it
together if you don't say it clearly
we can't guess Rubio things you have to
say it and it's already late it's already on the
internet on the internet you don't have your
friends right he will have three or four
real friends that will be good because the
law and the margin what you consider not
what you see you won't have some friends
athletes but others don't care maybe
the socas is
that we can't know we can't
really we can draw conclusions
theories and all that but to guess it I don't think
we can and that's Rubio that the pl if
you fight with someone on the internet and they get
angry they don't talk to you anymore you don't give a damn you
don't talk anymore you throw [ __ ]
for 45 days and go
[ __ ] yourself no no you're not going to be harmed it's going to
stay the same exactly your life is not going to
change